Isola Original Attribution Software License Version 1

1. Preamble
The Isola Original Attribution Software License (IOAL) is a license dedicated to preserving the rights belonging to the original creator
of software works.

The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and modification follow.


2. Definitions
	
	2.1 "The License", "This License", "IOALv1" means any and/or all terms and conditions mentioned in this specific licensing
		document.
	
	2.2 "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or
		subsequently, any and all of the rights conveyed by this License.
	
	2.2 the "Original Owner" means the Contributor that first started Development of the Covered Software.
	
	2.3 "Contributor" means each, any, and/or all individual and/or legal entity that creates, contributes to the creation of, or owns
		Covered Software.
	
	2.4 "Covered Software" is any/all Software, whether in Source Code Form and/or Executable Form protected by/licensed under The 
		License that:
		
		a) is currently in Development.
		
		b) is any/all released version(s) of Software that is licensed by This License.
	
	2.5 "Contribution" means any/all Modifications made to Covered Software and/or Larger Works by a Contributor.
	
	2.6 "Source Code Form" means the form of Covered Software preferred for making modifications.
	
	2.7 "Executable Form" means any/all form(s) of the Covered Software that is not Source Code Form.
	
	2.8 in "Development" means Software that is currently actively being Modified, contributed to, and/or changed/updated.
	
	2.9 "Modifications" and/or being "Modified" means any of the following:
	
		a) any file in Source Code Form that results from an addition to, deletion from, or modification of the contents of 
			Covered Software; or
		
		b) any new file in Source Code Form that contains any Covered Software.
	
	2.10 "Larger Work" means a work that combines Covered Software with other material, in a separate file or files, that
		is not Covered Software.
	
	2.11 "You" (or "Your") means an individual or a legal entity exercising rights under this License. For legal entities, “You”
		includes any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You. For purposes of this definition,
		“control” means (a) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
		contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or beneficial ownership
		of such entity.


3. Grants and Conditions

	3.1 Grants
		
		The Original Owner hereby grants You a world-wide, non-exclusive license under intellectual property rights
		(other than patent or trademark) Licensable by the Original Owner to use, reproduce, make available, modify,
		display, perform, distribute, and otherwise exploit its Contributions, either on an unmodified basis, with Modifications,
		or as part of a Larger Work.
		
		Each Contributor hereby grants the Original Owner a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license under intellectual 
		property rights (other than patent or trademark) Licensable by such Contributor to use, reproduce, make available, modify, 
		display, perform, distribute, and otherwise exploit its Contributions, either on an unmodified basis, with Modifications,
		or as part of a Larger Work.
	
	3.1 Effective Date
		
		The licenses granted in Section 3.1, with respect to any/all Contribution(s), become effective immediately for each 
		Contributions on the date that the respective Contributor first distributes such Contribution.
	
	3.2 Limitations to the Grant Scope
		
		The licenses granted in this Section 2 are the only rights granted under this license. No additional rights or
		licenses will be implied from the distribution or licensing of Covered Software under this License.
		
		This License does not grant any rights in the trademarks, service marks, or logos of any Contributor.
		(except as may be necessary to comply with the notice requirements in Section 3.4).

	3.3 Fair Use
		
		No Contributor makes additional grants as a result of Your choice to distribute the Covered Software under a
		subsequent version of this License (see Section 10.2) or under the terms of a Secondary License (if permitted
		under the terms of Section 3.3).
		
	3.4 Conditions
		
		Sections 4.1, 4.2, 4.3, and 4.4 are conditions of the licenses granted in 3.1.


4. Responsibilities

	4.1 Distribution of Source Code Form
		
		All distribution of Covered Software in Source Code Form, including any Modifications that You create or to which
		You contribute, must be under the terms of this License. You must inform recipients that the Source Code Form of
		the Covered Software is governed by the terms of this License, and how they can obtain a copy of this License. You
		may not attempt to alter or restrict the recipients’ rights in the Source Code Form.
		
	4.2 Distribution of Executable Form
		
		If You distribute Covered Software in Executable Form then:

			a) such Covered Software must also be made available in Source Code Form, as described in Section 4.1,
			and You must inform recipients of the Executable Form how they can obtain a copy of such Source Code
			Form by reasonable means in a timely manner, at a charge no more than the cost of distribution to the
			recipient

			b) You may distribute such Executable Form under the terms of this License, or sublicense it under different
			terms, provided that the license for the Executable Form does not attempt to limit or alter the recipients’
			rights in the Source Code Form under this License.

	4.3 Distribution of a Larger Work
		
		You may create and distribute a Larger Work under terms of Your choice, provided that You also comply with the
		requirements of this License for the Covered Software.

	4.4 Preservation of Copyright and other Notices
		
		You may not remove or alter the substance of any license notices (including copyright notices, patent notices,
		disclaimers of warranty, or limitations of liability) contained within the Source Code Form of the Covered Software,
		except that You may alter any license notices to the extent required to remedy known factual inaccuracies.


5. Termination
	
	The rights granted under this License will terminate automatically and immediately if You fail to comply with any of its terms. 	However, if You become compliant, then the rights granted under this License from a particular Contributor are reinstated (a) 
	provisionally, unless and until such Contributor explicitly and finally terminates Your grants, and (b) on an ongoing basis, if 	such Contributor fails to notify You of the non-compliance by some reasonable means prior to 60 days after You have come back into
	compliance. Moreover, Your grants from a particular Contributor are reinstated on an ongoing basis if such Contributor notifies You
	of the non-compliance by some reasonable means, this is the first time You have received notice of non-compliance with this License
	from such Contributor, and You become compliant prior to 30 days after Your receipt of the notice.
	
6. Warranty
	
	6.1 Decision of Waranty
		
		Contributors may choose to provide a warranty for their respective distributions of Covered Software. If a warranty is
		provided:
		
			a) the following Section 6.2 is void unless the following Section 6.1(b) is violated. In the event that the said
				Section 6.1(b) is violated, the following Section 6.2 is reinstated as the given warranty, therein making
				any additional warranty void.
			
			b) the Contributor must not claim, imply, or otherwise state that others have warranted their work. The Contributor
				must take all warrant responsibilities upon themselves.

	6.2 Disclaimer of Warranty
	
		Covered Software is provided under this License on an “as is” basis, without warranty of any kind, either expressed, implied, 
		or statutory, including, without limitation, warranties that the Covered Software is free of defects, merchantable, fit for a 
		particular purpose or non-infringing. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Covered Software is with You. 
		Should any Covered Software prove defective in any respect, You (not any Contributor) assume the cost of any necessary 
		servicing, repair, or correction. This disclaimer of warranty constitutes an essential part of this License. No use of any 
		Covered Software is authorized under this License except under this disclaimer.

7. Limitation of Liability
	
	Under no circumstances and under no legal theory, whether tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall any Contributor,
	or anyone who distributes Covered Software as permitted above, be liable to You for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or
	consequential damages of any character including, without limitation, damages for lost profits, loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
	computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses, even if such party shall have been informed of
	the possibility of such damages. This limitation of liability shall not apply to liability for death or personal injury resulting
	from such party’s negligence to the extent applicable law prohibits such limitation. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion
	or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so this exclusion and limitation may not apply to You.



8. Versions of the License

	8.1. New Versions

		Abram C. Isola is the license steward. Except as provided in Section 10.3, no one other than the license steward has
		the right to modify or publish new versions of this License. Each version will be given a distinguishing version number.

	8.2. Effect of New Versions

		You may distribute the Covered Software under the terms of the version of the License under which You originally received
		the Covered Software, or under the terms of any subsequent version published by the license steward.

	8.3. Modified Versions

		If you create software not governed by this License, and you want to create a new license for such software, you may
		create and use a modified version of this License if you rename the license and remove any references to the name of the
		license steward (except to note that such modified license differs from this License).

